DOCS-2798: Deploy Istio Ambient Mode on your cluster (#2431)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-3.22-2/compliance/istio/about-istio-ambient.mdx

CVEs are addressed as part of the regular $[prodname] patch release cadence.
Administrators provision the Istio service mesh by defining a standard `Istio` custom resource.

### The enhanced zTunnel proxy

The zTunnel component in Istio Ambient Mode is a lightweight proxy that runs on every node.

Its main job is to handle encryption, authentication, and policy enforcement for traffic at Layer 4.

A challenge in the original Istio Ambient Mode is that when traffic is routed through the zTunnel, it gets placed into a tunnel on a specific port (15008).
This change makes it impossible for existing Layer 3 or Layer 4 network policies (like those from Calico) to see the original destination port of the traffic.

Calico addresses this by using an enhanced zTunnel that is modified to preserve the original destination port.
This modification allows existing Calico and Kubernetes network policies to continue functioning exactly as they did before, without needing any rewrites, even though the traffic is now encrypted with mTLS.

These zTunnel enhancements are not compatible with Istio's application-layer Waypoint proxy.

> If you deploy Waypoint, the reported destination ports will follow the original behavior (always port 15008), and you will need to modify existing network policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deploy Waypoint, the reported destination ports will follow the original behavior (always port 15008), and you will need to allow the traffic to/from waypoint with the destination port 15008.
```
probably the way I suggested here is not the best, but the idea is. The network policies needs to have to include the port 15008 for traffic coming from the waypoint (L7 filtered only).

Author: Thanks, I've changed the language here.
